Do a free-style rap for the next minute.
Let another person post a status on your behalf.
Hand over your phone to another player who can send a single text saying anything they want to anyone they want.
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Smell another player's armpit.
Smell another player's bare foot.
Eat a bite of a banana peel.
Do an impression of another player until someone can figure out who it is.
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until it's your turn again.
Imitate a YouTube star until another player guesses who you're portraying.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Call a friend, pretend it's their birthday, and sing them Happy Birthday to You.
Name a famous person that looks like each player in the room.
Show us your best dance moves.
Eat a packet of hot sauce straight.
Let another person draw a tattoo on your back with a permanent marker.
Put on a blindfold and touch the other players' faces until you can figure out who's who.
Serenade the person to your right for a full minute.
Do 20 squats.
Let the other players redo your hairstyle.
Gulp down a raw egg.
Dump out your purse, backpack, or pockets and do a show and tell of what's inside.
Let the player to your right redo your makeup.
Do a prank call on one of your family members.
Let another player create a hat out of toilet paper — and you've got to wear it for the rest of the game.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Let someone give you a wedgie.
Put five cubes in your mouth (you can't chew them, you just have to let them melt—brrr).
Bark like a dog.
Draw your favorite movie and have the other person guess it (Pictionary-style).
Repeat everything the person to your right says until your next turn.
Demonstrate how you style your hair in the mirror (without actually using the mirror).
Play air guitar for one minute.
Empty a glass of cold water onto your head outside.
Lay on the floor and act like a sizzling piece of bacon.
In the next ten minutes, find a way to scare another player and make it a surprise.
Lick a bar of soap.
Eat a teaspoon of mustard.